we come together today here at great
celebrity chapel in Las Vegas Nevada by
the attention of people thank you dear
to celebrate the love and joy of their
year in matrimony the love to you
demonstrated is attributed to the
relationship that the two of you have
you together all this time and today you
will make a covenant of love that shall
be sealed which are faithful nation love
and passion and the desire to become one
now a turn and face each other and hold
hands and look into each other's eyes a
war would you have Yulia to be your wife
and promise to be with her as long as
you both shall live
yes Yulia would you have Igor to be your
husband and promise to be with him as
long as you both shall live Igor now
place the ring upon her finger
look to her eyes and repeat after me
say ah alarm you take you Union thank
you live to be my wife to be my lawyer
I promise to love you
I've always loved you to be by your side
to be website and to be your best friend
and to be the whisper kiss right hand
julienne now place the ring upon his
finger
hold hands look to his eyes and repeat
after me
say I take you in order to be my husband
I promise to love you to be by your side
to be your best friend now from this day
forward you shall no longer be - but you
shall be one and you have come together
today joining hands representing the
youth deeply desire to be more and now
with the authority given to me by the
state of Nevada I now pronounce you
husband and wife
you